now Israeli Army officials say they will
investigate videos published on social
media showing their soldiers vandalizing
shops owned by Palestinians in Gaza City
and jabalia they describe the behavior
as inappropriate and contrary to The
Valleys of the Israeli Army let's get
more on this with h Abdul Hamid who is
in rala tell us a bit more about this
vandalism well according to the uh
Israeli human rights NGO bat salm uh
that issued a report a month before
October 7th uh vandalism and looting is
systematic uh when it comes to the
occupied West Bank and they went the
report goes on really depicting and and
collecting testimonies uh from many
Palestinians across the occupied West
Bank who say that when the soldiers show
up in their houses uh for raids or to
detain someone they also ransack the
whole houses empty the cupboards go
through everything throw Basic Foods on
the floor and many also said that they
had money and jewelries stolen during
some of those raid so it is not
something new it might have been now
happening more uh because there is that
atmosphere of Revenge on any Palestinian
uh regardless of
regardless of what they think or not
think or about the attack on October 7th
but certainly Palestinians have been
saying it's a form of collective
punishment the lack of respect to us or
our properties and the stealing and the
Looting it has been going on for many
years but it seems that now it's
actually increasing there's actually
even one um a story of a f a soldiers
who go into a house and there's a piggy
bank of the child in that house well the
soldiers steal even the money that was
in that uh piggy bank now when it comes
to Palestinians getting Justice for that
or hoping that a thorough investigation
will be made by the Israeli military
into that many would tell you that they
have no hope whatsoever because even
more bigger incidents like the uh
killing of children just a week ago in
Janine Point Blank while they were
posing no threat that goes uh unpunished
so they don't think that the stealing
and the Looting uh will stop or anything
will change when it comes to them and
many would tell you that Israel is just
paying lip service saying the right
thing but in fact it won't do anything
about it and hod I believe the
Palestinian Authority has organized a
upcoming strike what more can you tell
us about
this well there is a general strike that
has been called actually by all the
political factions the unions uh the
activists uh here in the occupied uh
West Bank and it's in support of Gaza
and this call is actually it's a general
strike so if you look out if I look out
the window now everything is absolutely
shut whether it's in a uh public service
or private businesses everything is shut
down for the next uh 24 hours and um the
there's also called for this to happen
also elsewhere around the world in
support of Gaza and also to reject the
US veto when it comes to a humanitarian
ceasefire and the call is really about
putting pressure on the International
Community put to to call for an for a
humanitarian ceasefire and that to come
as soon as possible and certainly to
also put uh some pressure on the United
States
okay thank you for that H Abdul Hamid
there for us in
rala